docs(kommander): update uninstall (#3002)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/kommander/1.1.0-beta/uninstall/index.md

menuWeight: 10
---

### How can I remove the Kommander Cluster?

Uninstalling Kommander is roughly the same as [uninstalling Konvoy](/ksphere/konvoy/latest/uninstall) except for one critical difference: Managed clusters created by Kommander should be deleted before uninstalling the management Konvoy clusters, otherwise the state of those clusters will be lost and it would be necessary to manually delete those cluster assets on your cloud provider's console.

<p class="message--warning"><strong>WARNING: </strong>

> To remove all Kommander clusters delete all managed clusters before uninstalling Kommander.

Author: ```suggestion
For a complete deletion remove all managed clusters before uninstalling Kommander.
```
